---
title: Life is Change is Life.
author: saumya
date: 2021-02-16
template: article.pug
---


My mother is no more. I do not know whether she had seen it in her life or not, that my father and I share the same day as birthday.
 
 - Today is `Vasanta Panchami`, Saraswati Puja.
 - Today is my father's birthday.
 - Today is my birthday.

Since my birth I have never seen these three in one day.

 - Today I joined `Isha Foundation` as a developer.
 - Today from being an entreprenuer back to an employee.
 - Entreprenuer journey is always like this only. You never know what comes next.

There are a lot of learning as an entreprenuer. I could have never learned all these, sitting in an office. Everyone should try entreprenuership for atleast 5 years at a streach.

Joining `Isha Foundation` may be for a huge turn in my life. I really hope to make some positive contributions to the work the foundation is already involved in.

This `joining the foundation` came to me as a surprise. I never hoped I will join an organisation after doing consulting for almost 5 years. However, somehere I can relate the things to my recent past 9 years long journey of life.

### Doing something for the humanity.

In order to change the world, we have to focus on the seed and not the fruit. Fruit is the goal, but seed is the change. Me and another friend of mine bootstrapped a health stayup/startup(there is a difference). The reality surprised me. People generally prefer medicine to welbeing. They do not want to live a healthy life, rather they want to live a life full of hospitals, clinics, tests and medicines. I was dis-heartened. For what we did this thing. My idea was to make something meaningful and usable so that people do not have to take medicine. Very early I realised we need to change something. In the meantime, there were companies which I have applied for jobs had started interviewing me. In some of them I got selected. Somehow it did not feel right to join them. The salary offered were very very lucrative. But something did not feel right. I denied couple of them. Finally `Isha Foundation` came along. I thought my vision of serving the world could better be served here. They have a start and they are successfully running. Instead of creating a new organisation, I could put inmy potential here and see what happens.






Namaskaram.

Happy Life.




















